			GRACIE-LOU DE BEAUCHAMP

Class: Warlock (Celestial)  Level: 20  Background: Noble  Player: Dan
Race: Half-elf  Alignment: Chaotic Good  Experience Points: 355000

STR	DEX	CON	INT	WIS	CHA
10 (+0)	16 (+3)	16 (+3)	14 (+2)	14 (+2)	20 (+5)
+0 Save	+3 Save	+3 Save	+2 Save	+8 Save	+11 Save

Armour Class: 18  Initiative: +3  Speed: 30 ft.  Proficiency Bonus: +6
Hit Points: 154/154  Temporary Hit Points: 0  Hit Dice: 20/20d8 + 60
		  Death Saves: Saves 0  Fails 0

SKILLS
Acrobatics (Dex): +3	Animal Handling (Wis): +2
Arcana (Int): +8	Athletics (Str): +0
Deception (Cha): +11	History (Int): +8
Insight (Wis): +8	Intimidation (Cha): +5
Investigation: +2	Medicine (Wis): +8
Nature (Int): +2	Perception: +2
Performance (Cha): +5	Persuasion (Cha): +11
Religion (Int): +2	Sleight of Hand (Dex): +3
Stealth (Dex): +3	Survival (Wis): +2
	Passive Wisdom (Perception): 12

OTHER PROFICIENCIES & LANGUAGES
Celestial, Common, Draconic, Elvish, Sylvan, simple weapons, light armour,
three-dragon ante set

ATTACKS & SPELLCASTING
Eldritch Blast. Ranged Spell Attack: +15 to hit, range 600 ft., one target. Hit:
(1d10+7) force damage.
Shillelagh. Melee Spell Attack: +17 to hit, None, one target. Hit: (1d6+7)
bludgeoning damage, (1d8+7) bludgeoning damage.
Staff of the Magi. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, None, one target. Hit:
(1d6+2) bludgeoning damage, (1d8+2) bludgeoning damage.

EQUIPMENT
COINS:	0 cp	0 sp	0 ep	24 gp	0 pp
INVENTORY: a backpack, a book of lore, a bottle of ink, an ink pen, 10 sheets of
parchment, a little bag of sand, a small knife, a set of fine clothes, a signet
ring, a scroll of pedigree, three-dragon ante set, book of shadows, staff of the
magi, robe of the archmagi

ROBE OF THE ARCHMAGI
Wonderous item, legendary (requires attunemnt by a sorcerer, warlock, or wizard)
4 lb, AC 15 + Dex modifier
This elegant garment is made from exquisite cloth of white, gray, or black and
adorned with silvery runes. The robe's colour corresponds to the alignment for
which the item was created. A white robe was made for good, gray for neutral,
and black for evil. You can't attune to a robe of the archmagi that doesn't
correspond to your alignment.
You gain these benefits while wearing the robe:
* If you aren't wearing armour, your base Armour Class is 15 + your Dexterity
modifier.
* You have advantage on saving throws against spell and other magical effects.
* Your spell save DC and spell attack bonus each increase by 2.

STAFF OF THE MAGI
Staff, weapon, legendary (requires attunement by a sorcerer, warlock, or
wizard))
4 lb., 1d6 bludgeoning, Versatile (1d8)
This staff can be wielded as a magic quarterstaff that grants a +2 bonus to
attack and damage rolls made with it. While you hold it, you gain a +2 bonus to
spell attack rolls.
The staff has 50 charges for the following properties. It regains 4d6 + 2
expended charges daily at dawn. If you expend the last charge, roll a d20. On a
20, the staff regains 1d12 + 1 charges.
Spell Absorption. While holding the staff, you have advantage on saving throws
against spells. In addition, you can use your reaction when another creature
casts a spell that targets only you. If you do, the staff absorbs the magic of
the spell, canceling its effect and gaining a number of charges equal to the
absorbed spell's level. However, if doing so brings the staff's total number of
charges above 50, the staff explodes as if you activated its retributive strike
(see below).
Spells. While holding the staff, you can use an action to expend some of its
charges to cast one of the following spells from it, using your spell save DC
and spellcasting ability: conjure elemental (7 charges), dispel magic (3
charges), fireball (7th-level version, 7 charges), flaming sphere (2 charges),
ice storm (4 charges), invisibility (2 charges), knock (2 charges), lightning
bolt (7th-level version, 7 charges), passwall (5 charges), plane shift (7
charges), telekinesis (5 charges), wall of fire (4 charges), or web (2 charges).
You can also use an action to cast one of the following spells from the staff
without using any charges: arcane lock, detect magic, enlarge/reduce, light,
mage hand, or protection from evil and good.
Retributive Strike. You can use an action to break the staff over your knee or
against a solid surface, performing a retributive strike. The staff is destroyed
and releases its remaining magic in an explosion that expands to fill a 30-foot-
radius sphere centered on it.
You have a 50 percent chance to instantly travel to a random plane of existence,
avoiding the explosion. If you fail to avoid the effect, you take force damage
equal to 16 × the number of charges in the staff. Every other creature in the
area must make a DC 17 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, a creature
takes an amount of damage based on how far away it is from the point of origin,
as shown in the following table. On a successful save, a creature takes half as
much damage.
Distance from Origin    Damage
10 ft. away or closer   8 × the number of charges in the staff
11 to 20 ft. away       6 × the number of charges in the staff
21 to 30 ft. away       4 × the number of charges in the staff
Versatile. This weapon can be used with one or two hands. A damage value in
parentheses appears with the property—the damage when the weapon is used with
two hands to make a melee attack.

PERSONALITY TRAITS
* Flattery and charm are all the tools one needs to get what one wants.
* If you cross me you will suffer, as will your children, and their children,
and so on as long as I am able to inflict suffering.

IDEALS
Ettiquette. Manners before morals, excepting those who forgo civilty themselves.

BONDS
I am forever the willing servant of Snifflebumkiss.

FLAWS
Despite my breezy southern charms I can be violent like a tornado when provoked.

FEATURES & TRAITS
DARKVISION
Thanks to your elf blood, you have superior vision in dark and dim conditions.
You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and
in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only
shades of gray.

FEY ANCESTRY
You have advantage on saving throws against being charmed, and magic can't put
you to sleep.

SKILL VERSATILITY
You gain proficiency in two skills of your choice.

POSITION OF PRIVILEGE
Thanks to your noble birth, people are inclined to think the best of you. You
are welcome in high society, and people assume you have the right to be wherever
you are. The common folk make every effort to accommodate you and avoid your
displeasure, and other people of high birth treat you as a member of the same
social sphere. You can secure an audience with a local noble if you need to.

PACT MAGIC
Your arcane research and the magic bestowed on you by your patron have given you
facility with spells.

CANTRIPS
You know two cantrips of your choice from the warlock spell list. You learn
additional warlock cantrips of your choice at higher levels, as shown in the
Cantrips Known column of the Warlock table.

SPELL SLOTS
The Warlock table shows how many spell slots you have to cast your warlock
spells of 1st through 5th level. The table also shows what the level of those
slots is; all of your spell slots are the same level. To cast one of your
warlock spells of 1st level or higher, you must expend a spell slot. You regain
all expended spell slots when you finish a short or long rest.
For example, when you are 5th level, you have two 3rd-level spell slots. To cast
the 1st-level spell witch bolt, you must spend one of those slots, and you cast
it as a 3rd-level spell.

SPELLS KNOWN OF 1ST LEVEL AND HIGHER
At 1st level, you know two 1st-level spells of your choice from the warlock
spell list.
The Spells Known column of the Warlock table shows when you learn more warlock
spells of your choice of 1st level and higher. A spell you choose must be of a
level no higher than what's shown in the table's Slot Level column for your
level. When you reach 6th level, for example, you learn a new warlock spell,
which can be 1st, 2nd, or 3rd level.
Additionally, when you gain a level in this class, you can choose one of the
warlock spells you know and replace it with another spell from the warlock spell
list, which also must be of a level for which you have spell slots.

SPELLCASTING ABILITY
Charisma is your spellcasting ability for your warlock spells, so you use your
Charisma whenever a spell refers to your spellcasting ability. In addition, you
use your Charisma modifier when setting the saving throw DC for a warlock spell
you cast and when making an attack roll with one.
Spell save DC = 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Charisma modifier
Spell attack modifier = your proficiency bonus + your Charisma modifier

ARCANE FOCUS
You can use an arcane focus as a spellcasting focus for your warlock spells.

OTHERWORLDLY PATRON
At 1st level, you have struck a bargain with an otherworldly being chosen from
the list of available patrons. Your choice grants you features at 1st level and
again at 6th, 10th, and 14th level.

ELDRITCH INVOCATIONS
In your study of occult lore, you have unearthed eldritch invocations, fragments
of forbidden knowledge that imbue you with an abiding magical ability.
At 2nd level, you gain two eldritch invocations of your choice. When you gain
certain warlock levels, you gain additional invocations of your choice, as shown
in the Invocations Known column of the Warlock table.
Additionally, when you gain a level in this class, you can choose one of the
invocations you know and replace it with another invocation that you could learn
at that level.
If an eldritch invocation has prerequisites, you must meet them to learn it. You
can learn the invocation at the same time that you meet its prerequisites. A
level prerequisite refers to your level in this class.

AGONISING BLAST
Prerequisite: eldrtich blast cantrip
When you cast eldritch blast, add your Charisma modifier to the damage it deals
on a hit.

BEAST SPEECH
You can cast speak with animals at will, without expending a spell slot.

ELDRITCH SPEAR
Prerequisite: eldritch blast cantrip
When you cast eldritch blast, its range is 300 feet.

GIFT OF THE PROTECTORS
Prerequisite: 9th level, Pact of the Tome feature
A new page appears in your Book of Shadows. With your permission, a creature can
use its action to write its name on that page, which can contain a number of
names equal to your proficiency bonus.
When any creature whose name is on the page is reduced to 0 hit points but not
killed outright, the creature magically drops to 1 hit point instead. Once this
magic is triggered, no creature can benefit from it until you finish a long
rest.
As an action, you can magically erase a name on the page by touching it.

LANCE OF LETHARGY
Prerequisite: eldritch blast cantrip
Once on each of your turns when you hit a creature with your eldritch blast, you
can reduce that creature's speed by 10 feet until the end of your next turn.

MASTER OF MYRIAD FORMS
Prerequisite: 15th level
You can cast alter self at will, without expending a spell slot.

RELENTLESS HEX
Prerequisite: 7th level, hex spell or a warlock feature that curses
Your curse creates a temporary bond between you and your target. As a bonus
action, you can magically teleport up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space you can
see within 5 feet of the target cursed by your hex spell or by a warlock feature
of yours, such as Hexblade's Curse or Sign of Ill Omen. To teleport in this way,
you must be able to see the cursed target.

PACT BOON
At 3rd level, your otherworldly patron bestows a gift upon you for your loyal
service. You gain one of the following features of your choice.

PACT OF THE TOME
Your patron gives you a grimoire called a Book of Shadows. When you gain this
feature, choose three cantrips from any class's spell list. The cantrips do not
need to be from the same spell list. While the book is on your person, you can
cast those cantrips at will. They don't count against your number of cantrips
known. Any cantrip you cast with this feature is considered a warlock cantrip
for you. If you lose your Book of Shadows, you can perform a 1-hour ceremony to
receive a replacement from your patron. This ceremony can be performed during a
short or long rest, and it destroys the previous book. The book turns to ash
when you die.

ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
When you reach 4th level, you can increase one ability score of your choice by
2, or you can increase two ability scores of your choice by 1. As normal, you
can't increase an ability score above 20 using this feature.
If your DM allows the use of feats, you may instead take a feat.

ELDRITCH VERSATILITY
Whenever you reach a level in this class that grants the Ability Score
Improvement feature, you can do one of the following, representing a change of
focus in your occult studies:
* Replace one cantrip you learned from this class's Pact Magic feature with
another cantrip from the warlock spell list.
* Replace the option you chose for the Pact Boon feature with one of that
feature's other options.
* If you're 12th level or higher, replace one spell from your Mystic Arcanum
feature with another warlock spell of the same level.
If this change makes you ineligible for any of your Eldritch Invocations, you
must also replace them now, choosing invocations for which you qualify.

ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
When you reach 8th level, you can increase one ability score of your choice by
2, or you can increase two ability scores of your choice by 1. As normal, you
can't increase an ability score above 20 using this feature.
If your DM allows the use of feats, you may instead take a feat.

MYSTIC ARCANUM (6TH LEVEL)
At 11th level, your patron bestows upon you a magical secret called an arcanum.
Choose one 6th-level spell from the warlock spell list as this arcanum.
You can cast your arcanum spell once without expending a spell slot. You must
finish a long rest before you can do so again.
At higher levels, you gain more warlock spells of your choice that can be cast
in this way: one 7th-level spell at 13th level, one 8th-level spell at 15th
level, and one 9th-level spell at 17th level. You regain all uses of your Mystic
Arcanum when you finish a long rest.

ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
When you reach 12th level, you can increase one ability score of your choice by
2, or you can increase two ability scores of your choice by 1. As normal, you
can't increase an ability score above 20 using this feature.
If your DM allows the use of feats, you may instead take a feat.

MYSTIC ARCANUM (7TH LEVEL)
At 13th level, your patron bestows upon you a magical secret called an arcanum.
Choose one 7th-level spell from the warlock spell list as this arcanum.
You can cast your arcanum spell once without expending a spell slot. You must
finish a long rest before you can do so again.
At higher levels, you gain more warlock spells of your choice that can be cast
in this way: one 7th-level spell at 13th level, one 8th-level spell at 15th
level, and one 9th-level spell at 17th level. You regain all uses of your Mystic
Arcanum when you finish a long rest.

MYSTIC ARCANUM (8TH LEVEL)
At 15th level, your patron bestows upon you a magical secret called an arcanum.
Choose one 8th-level spell from the warlock spell list as this arcanum.
You can cast your arcanum spell once without expending a spell slot. You must
finish a long rest before you can do so again.
At higher levels, you gain more warlock spells of your choice that can be cast
in this way: one 7th-level spell at 13th level, one 8th-level spell at 15th
level, and one 9th-level spell at 17th level. You regain all uses of your Mystic
Arcanum when you finish a long rest.

ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
When you reach 16th level, you can increase one ability score of your choice by
2, or you can increase two ability scores of your choice by 1. As normal, you
can't increase an ability score above 20 using this feature.
If your DM allows the use of feats, you may instead take a feat.

MYSTIC ARCANUM (9TH LEVEL)
At 17th level, your patron bestows upon you a magical secret called an arcanum.
Choose one 9th-level spell from the warlock spell list as this arcanum.
You can cast your arcanum spell once without expending a spell slot. You must
finish a long rest before you can do so again.
At higher levels, you gain more warlock spells of your choice that can be cast
in this way: one 7th-level spell at 13th level, one 8th-level spell at 15th
level, and one 9th-level spell at 17th level. You regain all uses of your Mystic
Arcanum when you finish a long rest.

ABILITY SCORE IMPROVEMENT
When you reach 19th level, you can increase one ability score of your choice by
2, or you can increase two ability scores of your choice by 1. As normal, you
can't increase an ability score above 20 using this feature.
If your DM allows the use of feats, you may instead take a feat.

THE CELESTIAL
Your patron is a powerful being of the Upper Planes. You have bound yourself to
an ancient empyrean, solar, ki-rin, unicorn, or other entity that resides in the
planes of everlasting bliss. Your pact with that being allows you to experience
the barest touch of the holy light that illuminates the multiverse.
Being connected to such power can cause changes in your behavior and beliefs.
You might find yourself driven to annihilate the undead, to defeat fiends, and
to protect the innocent. At times, your heart might also be filled with a
longing for the celestial realm of your patron, and a desire to wander that
paradise for the rest of your days. But you know that your mission is among
mortals for now, and that your pact binds you to bring light to the dark places
of the world.

EXPANDED SPELL LIST
The Celestial lets you choose from an expanded list of spells when you learn a
warlock spell. The following spells are added to the warlock spell list for you.

BONUS CANTRIPS
At 1st level, you learn the sacred flame and light cantrips. They count as
warlock cantrips for you, but they don't count against your number of cantrips
known.

HEALING LIGHT
At 1st level, you gain the ability to channel celestial energy to heal wounds.
You have a pool of d6s that you spend to fuel this healing. The number of dice
in the pool equals 1 + your warlock level.
As a bonus action, you can heal one creature you can see within 60 feet of you,
spending dice from the pool. The maximum number of dice you can spend at once
equals your Charisma modifier (minimum of one die). Roll the dice you spend, add
them together, and restore a number of hit points equal to the total.
Your pool regains all expended dice when you finish a long rest.

RADIANT SOUL
Starting at 6th level, your link to the Celestial allows you to serve as a
conduit for radiant energy. You have resistance to radiant damage, and when you
cast a spell that deals radiant or fire damage, you can add your Charisma
modifier to one radiant or fire damage roll of that spell against one of its
targets.

CELESTIAL RADIANCE
Starting at 10th level, you gain temporary hit points whenever you finish a
short or long rest. These temporary hit points equal your warlock level + your
Charisma modifier. Additionally, choose up to five creatures you can see at the
end of the rest. Those creatures each gain temporary hit points equal to half
your warlock level + your Charisma modifier.

SEARING VENGENCE
Starting at 14th level, the radiant energy you channel allows you to resist
death. When you have to make a death saving throw at the start of your turn, you
can instead spring back to your feet with a burst of radiant energy. You regain
hit points equal to half your hit point maximum, and then you stand up if you so
choose. Each creature of your choice that is within 30 feet of you takes radiant
damage equal to 2d8 + your Charisma modifier, and it is blinded until the end of
the current turn.
Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.

SPELL SNIPER
Prerequisite: The ability to cast at least one spell
You have learned techniques to enhance your attacks with certain kinds of
spells, gaining the following benefits:
* When you cast a spell that requires you to make an attack roll, the spell's
range is doubled.
* Your ranged spell attacks ignore half cover and three-quarters cover.
* You learn one cantrip that requires an attack roll. Choose the cantrip from
the bard, cleric, druid, sorcerer, warlock, or wizard spell list. Your
spellcasting ability for this cantrip depends on the spell list you chose from:
Charisma for bard, sorcerer, or warlock; Wisdom for cleric or druid; or
Intelligence for wizard.

WAR CASTER
Prerequisite: The ability to cast at least one spell
You have practiced casting spells in the midst of combat, learning techniques
that grant you the following benefits:
* You have advantage on Constitution saving throws that you make to maintain
your concentration on a spell when you take damage.
* You can perform the somatic components of spells even when you have weapons or
a shield in one or both hands.
* When a hostile creature's movement provokes an opportunity attack from you,
you can use your reaction to cast a spell at the creature, rather than making an
opportunity attack. The spell must have a casting time of 1 action and must
target only that creature.

DESCRIPTION
Age: 65			Height: 5'4"		Weight: 159 lb.
Eyes: solid white	Skin: pale and glittery	Hair: platinum blonde

BACKSTORY
None

ALLIES & ORGANISATIONS
None

TREASURE
None

SPELLCASTING - WARLOCK
Spellcasting Ability Charisma   Spell Save DC 21   Spell Attack Bonus +15

At will: alter self, levitate, speak with animals

1/day each: crown of stars, glibness, psychic scream, true seeing

Cantrips (at will): eldritch blast, friends, guidance, light, mage hand, mind
sliver, sacred flame, shillelagh, shocking grasp, spare the dying

1st-5th level (4/4 5th-level slots): armour of Agathys, blight, charm monster,
charm person, counterspell, cure wounds, far step, flame strike, flaming sphere,
hex, hunger of Hadar, suggestion, summon fey, wall of fire